# CloudComputingSystem
Recently, cloud computing has risen as an ideal solution for scientific applications and is rapidly gaining interest in the scientific community, namely, scientific workflow application. Workflows [2] are loosely-coupled parallel applications [3] that consist of a series of computational tasks connected by data and control-flow expressed as workflow, and they are commonly used to solve problems in many disciplines, such as computer sciences, astronomy, biology…

One of the imperative problems of scientists who are using grid resources for large-scale applications is managing every part of the application manually, such as submission of tasks; waiting for the completion of one task or group of tasks in other to submit the next; submitting hundreds of parallel simulations at the same time. One solution to eliminating human interference and simplifying the management of such applications is via automation of the end-to-end application process using workflows. 
Assume that there is a problem that requires counting character included in one text file. There are many approaches to solve this problem. Thus my method is not an ideal solution, and it is just used as a means to explain what the workflow is.  This issue is solved following as above figure. At first, the content of the text file was equally split into two different new text files. Next, the two new text files are concurrently counted by two different scripts, Count1 and Count2. The result of this process is two new files, F1.1 and F2.1. At the final stage, the script Count3 takes responsibility in counting the two F1.1 and F2.1 to output a final text, which includes the total words in the First File. The whole process explained above is called workflow, which is very popular in the scientist community. The approach of my paper is to build a system that solves those workflows by taking advantage of Cloud’s powers.

In this paper, I am considering; a cloud is a group of machines configured in such a way that an end-user can request any number of virtual machines (VMs) based on their demand. The end-user neither knows nor cares where exactly these VMs are physically located or the configuration of the underlying hardware, so long as they can access their bank of properly configured VMs. The VMs are used as a computing resource to compute their own jobs. All these operations interact via the web interface. This is one of the main reasons that the cloud platform is chosen to replace the grid platform, and this issue will be discussed in detail in the next section. The kind of setup is ideal for applications, namely workflow applications, where a specific hardware configuration is needed, or users need the high computing capacity.
All those above explanations are ideas for us to carry out the goal of this paper, that is to study the implementation of scientific workflow application, namely, Pegasus [4], Condor [5], DAGMan [6] on an open-source cloud platform, EUCALYPTUS [7] [8] [9].
